PS-56 Centreon-HA manage disabled resources NEXT (#1804)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.10/installation/installation-of-centreon-ha/installation-2-nodes.md

> **Warning:** Other files in `/etc/my.cnf.d/` such as `centreon.cnf` will be ignored from now. Any customization will have to be added to `server.cnf`.

> > **Warning:** Don't forget to change the parameter `Mysql configuration file path` in `Administration > Parameters > Backup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Don't forget to change the parameter **Mysql configuration file path** on page **Administration > Parameters > Backup**.
```
